Fix link to Contributing Doc (#59)
FuelLabs/sway-playground: README.md

We welcome contributions to Sway Playground, for general contributing guidelines please consult the Sway Contributing Documentation for now.

> Please see the [Contributing To Sway](https://fuellabs.github.io/sway/v0.49.3/book/reference/contributing_to_sway.html) section of the Sway book for guidelines and instructions to help you get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please see the [Contributing To Sway](https://docs.fuel.network/docs/sway/reference/contributing_to_sway/) section of the Sway book for guidelines and instructions to help you get started.
```
